“Integrity is doing the right thing even when no one is watching.” - C.S. Lewis
“Doing the right thing is more important than doing the thing right.” - Peter Drucker
“Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.” - Mark Twain
“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” - Winston Churchill
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” - Anne Frank
“Well done is better than well said.” - Benjamin Franklin
“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.” - Aesop
“It is not enough to be compassionate. You must act.” - The Dalai Lama
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” - William James
“One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested.” - E.M. Forster
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”  - Theodore Roosevelt
“To be doing good deeds is man’s most glorious task.” - Sophocles
“Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as ever you can.” - John Wesley
“We rise by lifting others.” - Robert Ingersoll
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.” - Charles Dickens
“Goodness is the only investment that never fails.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Good character is the single most important attribute of a successful and worthy life.” - Michael Josephson
“What most counts is not merely to live, but to live right.” - Socrates
“Character is power.” - Booker T. Washington
“Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody’s going to know whether you did it or not.” - Oprah Winfrey
“Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.” - Fred Rogers
“Real strength has to do with helping others.” - Fred Rogers
“Do what others refuse to do.” - Grant Cardone
“The media shows the tiniest percentage of what people do. There are millions and millions of people doing wonderful things all over the world.” - Fred Rogers
“Never lower your target; increase your actions.” - Grant Cardone
“Men are respectable only as they respect.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person.” - Plato
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” - Mother Teresa
“Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.” - The Dalai Lama
“Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” - Mark Twain
“Always be a little kinder than necessary.” - James M. Barrie
“If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.” - Buddha
“One man practicing kindness in the wilderness is worth more than all the temples this world pulls.” - Jack Kerouac
“Our fingerprints don’t fade from the lives we touch.” - Judy Blume
“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being.” - Roald Dahl
“If you have good thoughts it will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.” - Roald Dahl
“Somewhere inside all of us is the power to change the world.” - Roald Dahl
“Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day in your life.” - Mark Twain
“When you learn, teach. When you get, give.” - Maya Angelou
“Failure is unimportant. It takes a lot of courage to make a fool of yourself.” - Charlie Chaplin
“You’ll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.” - Charlie Chaplin
“The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.” - Ronald Reagan
“Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.” - Ronald Reagan
“I know in my heart that man is good. That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there’s purpose and worth to each and every life.” - Ronald Reagan
“There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don’t care who gets the credit.” - Ronald Reagan
