“Integrity is doing the right thing even when no one is watching.” - C.S. Lewis
“Doing the right thing is more important than doing the thing right.” - Peter Drucker
“Do the right thing. It will gratify some people and astonish the rest.” - Mark Twain
“We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give.” - Winston Churchill
“How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.” - Anne Frank
“Well done is better than well said.” - Benjamin Franklin
“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.” - Aesop
“It is not enough to be compassionate. You must act.” - 14th Dalai Lama
“Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does.” - William James
“One person with passion is better than forty people merely interested.” - E.M. Forster
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”  - Theodore Roosevelt
“To be doing good deeds is man’s most glorious task.” - Sophocles
“Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as ever you can.” - John Wesley
“We rise by lifting others.” - Robert Ingersoll
“No one is useless in this world who lightens the burdens of another.” - Charles Dickens
“Goodness is the only investment that never fails.” - Henry David Thoreau
“Good character is the single most important attribute of a successful and worthy life.” - Michael Josephson
“What most counts is not merely to live, but to live right.” - Socrates
“Character is power.” - Booker T. Washington
“Real integrity is doing the right thing, knowing that nobody’s going to know whether you did it or not.” - Oprah Winfrey
“Often when you think you're at the end of something, you're at the beginning of something else.” - Fred Rogers
“Real strength has to do with helping others.” - Fred Rogers
“Do what others refuse to do.” - Grant Cardone
“The media shows the tiniest percentage of what people do. There are millions and millions of people doing wonderful things all over the world.” - Fred Rogers
“Never lower your target; increase your actions.” - Grant Cardone
“Men are respectable only as they respect.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Kindness is more than deeds. It is an attitude, an expression, a touch. It is anything that lifts another person.” - Plato
“Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.” - Mother Teresa
“Be kind whenever possible. It is always possible.” - 14th Dalai Lama
“Kindness is a language which the deaf can hear and the blind can see.” - Mark Twain
“Always be a little kinder than necessary.” - James M. Barrie
“If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.” - Buddha
“One man practicing kindness in the wilderness is worth more than all the temples this world pulls.” - Jack Kerouac
“Our fingerprints don’t fade from the lives we touch.” - Judy Blume
“I think probably kindness is my number one attribute in a human being.” - Roald Dahl
“If you have good thoughts it will shine out of your face like sunbeams and you will always look lovely.” - Roald Dahl
“Somewhere inside all of us is the power to change the world.” - Roald Dahl
“Give every day the chance to become the most beautiful day in your life.” - Mark Twain
“When you learn, teach. When you get, give.” - Maya Angelou
“Failure is unimportant. It takes a lot of courage to make a fool of yourself.” - Charlie Chaplin
“You’ll find that life is still worthwhile if you just smile.” - Charlie Chaplin
“The greatest leader is not necessarily the one who does the greatest things. He is the one that gets the people to do the greatest things.” - Ronald Reagan
“Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.” - Ronald Reagan
“I know in my heart that man is good. That what is right will always eventually triumph. And there’s purpose and worth to each and every life.” - Ronald Reagan
“There is no limit to the amount of good you can do if you don’t care who gets the credit.” - Ronald Reagan
“Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom.” - Thomas Jefferson
“Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication.” - Gail Devers
“Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence.” - Helen Keller
“In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision.” - 14th Dalai Lama
“Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.” - Roy T. Bennett
“It’s a funny thing about life, once you begin to take note of the things you are grateful for, you begin to lose sight of the things that you lack.” - Germany Kent
“The greatest discovery of all time is that a person can change his future by merely changing his attitude.” - Oprah Winfrey
“A problem is a chance for you to do your best.” - Duke Ellington
“A powerful attitude awakens inner strength, energy, motivation, and initiative.” - Remez Sasson
“If opportunity doesn’t knock, build a door.” - Milton Berle
“If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude.” - Maya Angelou
“It is good people who make good places.” - Anna Sewell
“It’s not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.” - Epictetus
“You really can change the world if you care enough.” - Marian Wright Edelman
“When you can’t change the direction of the wind— adjust your sails.” - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
“You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind.” - Joyce Meyer
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.” - Martin Luther King Jr.
“In a gentle way, you can shake the world.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“The future depends on what we do in the present.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“Doing a little bit of good here and there makes everything a little bit better, everywhere.” - Richie Norton
“When there is not enough time to do your best, do the best you can with the time you have.” - Richelle E. Goodrich
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” - 14th Dalai Lama
“The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” - Confucius
“There is no traffic jam along the extra mile.” - Roger Staubach
“There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them.” - Denis Waitley
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” - C.S. Lewis
“Dreams don’t work unless you do.” - John C. Maxwell
“It is our choices . . . that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.” - J.K. Rowling
“You just can’t beat the person who won’t give up.” - Babe Ruth
“Never give up, for that is just the place and time that the tide will turn.” - Harriet Beecher Stowe
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” - Confucius
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” - Paulo Coelho
“The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.” - Paulo Coelho
“Opportunities don't happen. You create them.” - Chris Grosser
“We do not need magic to transform our world. We carry all the power we need inside ourselves already.” - J.K. Rowling
“I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel.” - Maya Angelou
“The simple act of caring is heroic.” - Edward Albert
“Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“The way I see it, if you want a rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain.” - Dolly Parton
“Find out who you are and do it on purpose.” - Dolly Parton
“If you don’t like the road you’re walking, pave another one.” - Dolly Parton
“You’ll never do a whole lot unless you’re brave enough to try.” - Dolly Parton
“You can be rich in spirit, kindness, love and all those things that you can't put a dollar sign on.” - Dolly Parton
“Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.” - Leo Buscaglia
“Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.” - Lao Tzu
“The best portion of a good man’s life is his little nameless, unencumbered acts of kindness and of love.” - William Wordsworth
“The best way to predict your future is to create it.” - Abraham Lincoln
“As you grow older, you will discover that you have two hands, one for helping yourself, the other for helping others.” - Audrey Hepburn
“You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty.” - Mahatma Gandhi
“The ultimate goal is to be an interesting, useful, wholesome person.” - Martha Stewart
“If we don’t change, we don’t grow. If we don’t grow, we aren’t really living.” - Gail Sheehy
“Make each day your masterpiece.” - John Wooden
“Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal.” - Thomas Jefferson
“He who has a why to live can bear almost any how.” - Friedrich Nietzsche
“Try to be a rainbow in someone’s cloud.” - Maya Angelou
“We know what we are, but know not what we may be.” - William Shakespeare
“What we think, we become.” - Buddha
“Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha
“Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!” - Anne Frank
“A single sunbeam is enough to drive away many shadows.” - St. Francis of Assisi
“We can’t help everyone, but everyone can help someone.” - Ronald Reagan
“Each day provides its own gifts.” - Marcus Aurelius
“You must do the things you think you cannot do.” - Eleanor Roosevelt
“Every day we should hear at least one little song, read one good poem, see one exquisite picture, and, if possible, speak a few sensible words.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don’t lose faith.” - Steve Jobs
“Being entirely honest with oneself is a good exercise.” - Sigmund Freud
“There are many ways of going forward, but only one way of standing still.” - Franklin Delano Roosevelt
“People deal too much with the negative, with what is wrong. Why not try and see positive things, to just touch those things and make them bloom?” - Thich Nhat Hanh
“We have more possibilities available in each moment than we realize.” - Thich Nhat Hanh
“My actions are my only true belongings. I cannot escape the consequences of my actions. My actions are the ground upon which I stand.” - Thich Nhat Hanh
“Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.” - Socrates
“Make someone’s day today.” - Shaun Mayer
“If there is no struggle, there is no progress.” - Frederick Douglass
“Hard choices, easy life. Easy choices, hard life.” - Jerzy Gregorek
“Diamonds are only lumps of coal that stuck at it no matter how much heat or pressure they faced.” - Jeffrey Fry
“Patience and fortitude conquer all things.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
“Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time.” - Abraham Lincoln
“Be who you are and say what you feel, because those who mind don’t matter and those who matter don’t mind.” - Bernard Baruch
“Life is a blank canvas, and you need to throw all the paint on it you can.” - Danny Kaye
“Life is like photography. You need the negatives to develop.” - Ziad K. Abdelnour
“The only place where your dream becomes impossible is in your own thinking.” - Robert H. Schuller
“Obstacles are what you see when you take your eyes off of the goal.” - Vince Lombardi
“Strong reasons make strong actions.” - William Shakespeare
“A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.” - Ayn Rand
“The ladder of success is best climbed by stepping on the rungs of opportunity.” - Ayn Rand
“Behavior is the mirror in which everyone shows their image.” - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
“If you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything.” - Dr. Emmett Brown, Back to the Future
“Life moves pretty fast. If you don’t stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.” - Ferris Bueller, Ferris Bueller’s Day Off
“You are who you choose to be.” - Hogarth Hughes, The Iron Giant
“The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.” - The Emperor, Mulan
“Sometimes it is the people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.” - Alan Turing
“The question isn’t who is going to let me, it’s who is going to stop me.” - Ayn Rand
“Age is of no importance unless you’re a cheese.” - Billie Burke
“You can’t wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club.” - Jack London
“Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing ’til it gets there.” - Josh Billings
“Opportunity is always knocking. The problem is that most people have the self-doubt station in their heads turned up way too loud to hear it.” - Brian Vaszily
“We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.” - Oscar Wilde
“Luck is what you have left over after you give 100 percent.” - Langston Coleman
“If you’re going to be able to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now.” - Marie Osmond
“Talent hits a target no one else can hit. Genius hits a target no one else can see.” - Arthur Schopenhauer
“If you don't know where you are going, you'll end up someplace else.” - Yogi Berra
“Don’t worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.” - Charles Schulz
“It is not the answer that enlightens, but the question.” - Eugene Ionesco Decouvertes
“We must dare to be great; and we must realize that greatness is the fruit of toil and sacrifice and high courage.” - Theodore Roosevelt
“Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.” - Albert Einstein
“The highest forms of understanding we can achieve are laughter and human compassion.” - Richard Feynman
“I walk slowly, but I never walk backward.” - Abraham Lincoln
“Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence.” - Calvin Coolidge
“The finest steel has to go through the hottest fire.” - Richard Nixon
“Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.” - John Quincy Adams
“The test of leadership is not to put greatness into humanity, but to elicit it, for the greatness is already there.” - James Buchanan
“In the time of darkest defeat, victory may be nearest.” - William McKinley
“When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.” - Franklin Delano Roosevelt
